I'll show you me of course and boxing my
new game that I buy today
naruto ultimate ninja 5 alright I know
this is a pretty cool game and what kept
me was really suspicious about him I
knew what that kid was really strong so
here we are
naruto ultimate ninja 5 you can see all
right let's see
Wow right I think you can see very good
so I'll show you live now food and
events in the adventure mode it's this
this master more than 660 characters in
free battle mode most characters does
that and equipment and approach it Zeus
wow really cool here this experience
special team basic duties with partner
sport hello really cool and here new set
of states for a complete immersion in
denim wow this is Lincoln jutsu of
bigger ax and sizer II
this is a normal jutsu trinket by Naruto
and Sasuke Shippuden this is a fight of
Choji and Hinata and this is not your
Fox power of Naruto Shippuden waiteth so
we're finally going to open it the truth
lien box oh cool the manual and the CD
player demo I realized like oh branch
the gold out of the main stars this look
you know Choji and Shikamaru
oh don't ed guy meet the Neji Wow just
got some really good fight for still
mode Naruto
Shino
Kiba and Hinata Naruto and it all let us
see her page
Dora sighs here you go
Itachi Kisame
ah CD well this is all I need to do more
films about gameplay of this game for
now it's just in boxing so buy it just
buy